# Science Communication
Making science accessible to everyone and promoting equity, diversity and inclusion (EDI) within the scientific community is very important to me. This folder contains examples of science communication and outreach projects I have worked on in recent years:

- I worked as a communications assistant at the Rutherford Museum and McPherson Collections at McGill University for two years. During that time, I was a tour guide for visitors to the museum, created and maintained the digital museums database and created communications materials, inclduding a new museum brochure. I also created two exhibitions, one on X-ray research at McGill and on acoustics research in the 19th century. The PDF files include both the exhibition labels and photographs of the completed displays.
- In 2023, I organized a Wikipedia workshop at McGill in collaboration with the non-profit organization Art+Feminism, focusing on increasing the visibility of Canadian women in physics. Details about the event can be found here: https://artandfeminism.org/edit_a_thon/mcgill-wikipedia-edit-a-thon/
- In 2022, I was part of the organizing committee for the Canadian Conference for Undergraduate Women in Physics (CCUWIP), hosted online by the University of Alberta. I was responsible for planning the conference schedule, inviting speakers for talks, workshops, and panels, and hosting the events. I also created several advertising materials featured here and the conference website: https://ccuwip.cap.ca/about/past-locations/2022-virtual/
